doc/testing/star_map_generation_perftest.md, before:

Performance test: creating a star map
=====================================

The test reads in different sizes of star map JSON files and builds a star map, complete with connections, out of them. Test is run 10 times and the results averaged.

Expected performance is roughly O(n^2): while iterating the stars, there is a nested iteration to find which stars are connected. There is a modest optimization, which adds both sides of the connection at the same time, allowing the "current" star to be removed from the list and thus not be checked again when checking connections for the subsequent stars. However, using an array list is expected to negate the benefits, since on removal, the array is rearranged. For comparison, there will be a test run with a linked list - this is expected to give a small performance benefit, at least on larger data sets.

Performance using an array list
-------------------------------

- 12 stars: 5 milliseconds
- 100 stars: 14 milliseconds
- 1000 stars: 135 milliseconds
- 10000 stars: 11537 milliseconds

Performance using a linked list
-------------------------------

TODO!
- 12 stars:
- 100 stars:
- 1000 stars:
- 10000 stars:

Commit message:

Test using a linked list in star map generation.

doc/testing/star_map_generation_perftest.md, after:

Performance test: creating a star map
=====================================

The test reads in different sizes of star map JSON files and builds a star map, complete with connections, out of them. Test is run 10 times and the results averaged.

Expected performance is roughly O(n^2): while iterating the stars, there is a nested iteration to find which stars are connected. There is a modest optimization, which adds both sides of the connection at the same time, allowing the "current" star to be removed from the list and thus not be checked again when checking connections for the subsequent stars. However, using an array list is expected to negate the benefits, since on removal, the array is rearranged. For comparison, there will be a test run with a linked list - this is expected to give a small performance benefit, at least on larger data sets.

Performance using an array list
-------------------------------

- 12 stars: 5 milliseconds
- 100 stars: 14 milliseconds
- 1000 stars: 135 milliseconds
- 10000 stars: 11537 milliseconds

Performance using a linked list
-------------------------------

- 12 stars: 5 milliseconds
- 100 stars: 14 milliseconds
- 1000 stars: 135 milliseconds
- 10000 stars: 11474 milliseconds

Conclusion
----------

There is practically no difference in using array list or linked list. Perhaps the I/O of reading the JSON determines the performance more than choice of algorithms - clearly, this should be tested by running larger tests runs which only measure the time spent building the map, excluding reading the input file.
